Added contents for IBM Security Guardium Insights v3.1.x deployment guide (#2)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-ibm-security-guardium-insights: docs/deployment_guide/partner_editable/overview.adoc

> This Quick Start deploys {partner-product-name} on the AWS Cloud. If you are unfamiliar with AWS Quick Starts, refer to the https://fwd.aws/rA69w?[AWS Quick Start General Information Guide^].

Reviewer: Keep the original wording. `If you are unfamiliar ...` sentence comes from the boilerplate language and is getting repeated.

```suggestion
This Quick Start deploys {partner-product-name} on the AWS Cloud. This guide covers the steps necessary to deploy this Quick Start.
```

// For information about using this Quick Start for migrations, refer to the https://{quickstart-github-org}.github.io/{quickstart-project-name}/migration/index.html[Migration Guide^].

{partner-product-name} is a hybrid cloud data security hub that helps you improve
visibility into user data activity and risk. 
{partner-product-name} helps you protect data more efficiently, enhance information technology flexibility, and reduce operational costs as you embrace new business paradigms.
{partner-product-name} helps reduce the cost and complexity related to collecting, managing, and retaining data security and compliance data.  
{partner-product-name} provides new analytics to enhance threat investigations - and it provides quick reporting functionality. Risk scoring and alerting in Guardium
Insights help you prioritize your activities.

After your data sources are scanned, Guardium Insights provides this information to help you analyze data:

* Data sources and users that are at risk
* Anomalies that indicate events that are atypical
* Reports
* Activity that has been undertaken as a result of data analysis

> 

Reviewer: This rest of this section is verbatim copied, please remove it and point to your documentation (`https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/guardium-insights/3.1.x?topic=overview`) instead. We want to keep the deployment guide short and refer to your documentation where necessary.
